well the idea has been to turn us into
left brain prisoners even conventional
science accepts that the left brain is
where we get intellect logic physical
worldview can I touch it taste it smell
it okay it must exist in the right brain
you have the bigger picture the
connection with the cosmos that's where
the artists the inspiration the
creativity comes from and if you look at
the institutions of Education of science
and all these different areas of
information the media - they're pumping
information of a left brain variety and
suppressing this so you get a situation
where what we call education works like
this information is pumped into the left
brain most of it completely rubbish and
what people are asked to do students are
asked to do is to hold that information
there and then when they get an exam
paper in front of them to regurgitate
that onto the paper if they remember it
and put it there well enough and repeat
what they've been told they pass the
exam and progress if they take that
information in the left brain transfer
it to the right and start filtering it
and questioning it and saying well does
it make sense what do I think about this
and then tell the exam paper oh actually
it's a piece of their stuff then
they don't pass the exam and they don't
progress the education system is
completely built to create left brain
prisoners who are basically sponges of
the official version of life and if
you're a scientist for instance you go
through that and then you go to your
speciality in science and you get more
left brain information saying we doctors
and all these professions their left
brain prisoners who cannot conceive so
much of what I've been talking about
here because they're imprisoned in the
intellect we can just balance those two
sides of the brain the intellect and the
spirit the mind and the heart then
suddenly we're transformed in terms of
our perception of ourselves well